[Music]
a glorious day
brilliant weather the perfect cup of joe
it's going to be a good day hey
Eastwood's doughnuts have arrived whoo
awesome up and starving man I called for
your fave hot chocolate oh you are the
man Eastwood seems to be alright
[Music]
seems like the coast is clear
hey there you hold on officer what's
your business here son I'm the
maintenance guy I received a complaint
about the pipes in Block B Block B's
this way Thank You officer there's
always a problem with the pipes that was
a close call now to find the lockup hey
Robby
JC hey hold on what are you doing up
here the maintenance guy here for the
pipes all right have a good day officer
[Music]
what's happening here how you gonna
break the bars in Legoland it's quite
easy to make an escape
man you work real slow shut up Robbie
where's dumb Dan
[Applause]
[Music]
awesome
follow me take the lead
watch me it's Max's turn now going to
nail this landing just like Batman only
bad I'm not really getting out of here
yeah that hurts
breaking out is not my thing clear
freedom sweet freedom
brilliant officer officer come in
there's a breakout they have escaped
[Music]
[Applause]
hi Jake was that a smirk what were you
going get aside this is not a playground
kids
that was scary
[Music]
[Applause]
Jesus it's a real-life cop chase this is
so surreal
[Applause]
[Music]
crap we're stuck max do something we've
been dragging the door all this while
it's stuck don't worry I've got this
quick the cops aren't far away trying
let's get out of here
stop
come on max
busted
Max's busted we're going to get him back
up here
[Music]
those idiots belong in jail at least
we're out not yet turn here Oh Oh
careful
straight straight dirtier
Oh
[Music]
damn careful
[Applause]
oh my god
the chase hasn't ended hey are you fine
kinda dead again
dumb damn you're a lame driver you know
that cuz of you we're stuck now yeah for
a long time
[Music]
Oh No
hello kids let's learn the colors let's
fire up the engine pump up the bikes
it's time to fight some fire today we're
gonna use the play-doh to make some
really fun looking fruit